.. SDASC documentation master file, created by Piotr Luszczek
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Apr 14 16:24:40 2021.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

The 2nd International Workshop on Scalable Data Analytics in Scientific Computing (SDASC) 2021
==============================================================================================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Contents:

   cfp
   scope
   topics
   contributing
   committee
   program

The ever increasing importance of methods originating in statistical
inference and their growing use at large cloud computing facilities
leads both the scientific and HPC communities to look into new ways of
applying computational steering and incorporate it into their
large-scale simulations. The SDASC workshop will feature automated data
analysis efforts at the convergence of computational science, HPC,
large-scale data analytics and inference. The focus will be on the
integration of the HPC techniques and statistical learning tasks into
the modern software stack of computational science.

SDASC is a half-day workshop that will gather experts from the
intersection of computational science, HPC, and machine learning. The
committee members are recognized in their respective fields as experts
of note and will assure fulfilment of the goals of the workshop.

This workshop will complement the other events artificial intelligence,
machine learning, and data analytics taking place at ISC 2021.

Finally, the workshop aims to establish a forum of discourse and
exchange of ideas about current practices for integration of HPC and
data analytics. The outcomes will include discussion about contemporary
methods and implementation techniques that unify modern statistical
inference, latest software stacks for machine learning deployed on
supercomputing machines with hardware accelerators.

Past editions of the workshop:

[ `2019 <./2019/index.html>`_ ]

.. * :ref:`genindex`
.. * :ref:`modindex`
.. * :ref:`search`
